Docs: fixing wrong jinja example and stating how airbyte decides last date cursor (#33847)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/connector-development/connector-builder-ui/incremental-sync.md

curl 'https://content.guardianapis.com/search?from-date=<b>2023-04-15T07:30:58Z</b>&to-date={`<now>`}'
</pre>

> Except if the last record found has a date less than the time that the sync was run. In this case the sync run time will be stored in the state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::info
If the last record read has a datetime earlier than the end time of the stream interval, the end time of the interval will be stored in the state. In this case, the sync start time will be stored in the state
:::
```

Author: I think you forgot to delete the "In this case, the sync start time will be stored in the state"

But loved your suggestion, will commit it.

The `from-date` is set to the cutoff date of articles synced already and the `to-date` is set to the current date.

:::info

> In some cases, it's helpful to reference the start and end date of the interval that's currently synced, for example if it needs to be injected into the URL path of the current stream. In these cases it can be referenced using the `{{ stream_interval.start_time }}` and `{{ stream_interval.end_time }}` [placeholders](/connector-development/config-based/understanding-the-yaml-file/reference#variables). Check out [the tutorial](./tutorial.mdx#adding-incremental-reads) for such a case.

Reviewer: good catch!
